website/docs/index.md, before:

---
hide:
  - toc
  - navigation
---

# Localization

This site provides a visual overview of the mod’s localization progress across all supported [Minecraft languages](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Language).
Localization is tracked separately for `lang.json/.txt` files and speechbank files.

## Extended Localization

This section tracks localization coverage for all content added by [*Extended*](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lotr-renewed-extended).

::infobox
title: Language Localizations
sub_title: Core Language Files
folder_name: langs
type: lang
::end-infobox

::infobox
title: Speechbank Localizations
sub_title: NPC Dialogue
folder_name: speechbanks
type: speechbank
::end-infobox

::infobox
title: Sign Text Localizations
sub_title: Structure Sign Localization
folder_name: structure_sign_texts
type: sign_texts
::end-infobox

## Renewed Override Localizations

This section documents the ongoing localization of everything added by [*Renewed*](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-lord-of-the-rings-mod-renewed).

Many languages in Renewed have incomplete, incorrect, or entirely missing translations. This project aims to provide players with thorough high-quality, and accurate mod translations.

We actively support languages that were not originally translated in Renewed.

::infobox
title: Override Language Localizations
sub_title: Overridden Core Language Files
folder_name: langs_renewed_override
type: lang
::end-infobox

::infobox
title: Override Speechbank Localizations
sub_title: Overridden NPC Dialogue
folder_name: speechbanks_renewed_override
type: speechbank
::end-infobox

::infobox
title: Override Fast Travel Quotes Localizations
sub_title: Overridden Fast Travel Quotes
folder_name: fast_travel_quotes
type: fast_travel
::end-infobox

Commit message:

Update Russian translation
1beeee on discord gave me the file

website/docs/index.md, after:

---
hide:
  - toc
  - navigation
---

# Localization

This site provides a visual overview of the mod’s localization progress across all supported [Minecraft languages](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Language).
Localization is tracked separately for each localizable text/file type.

## Extended Localization

This section tracks localization coverage for all content added by [*Extended*](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lotr-renewed-extended).

::infobox
title: Language Localizations
sub_title: Core Language Files
folder_name: langs
type: lang
::end-infobox

::infobox
title: Speechbank Localizations
sub_title: NPC Dialogue
folder_name: speechbanks
type: speechbank
::end-infobox

::infobox
title: Sign Text Localizations
sub_title: Structure Sign Localization
folder_name: structure_sign_texts
type: sign_texts
::end-infobox

## Renewed Override Localizations

This section documents the ongoing localization of everything added by [*Renewed*](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-lord-of-the-rings-mod-renewed).

Many languages in Renewed have incomplete, incorrect, or entirely missing translations. This project aims to provide players with thorough high-quality, and accurate mod translations.

We actively support languages that were not originally translated in Renewed.

::infobox
title: Override Language Localizations
sub_title: Overridden Core Language Files
folder_name: langs_renewed_override
type: lang
::end-infobox

::infobox
title: Override Speechbank Localizations
sub_title: Overridden NPC Dialogue
folder_name: speechbanks_renewed_override
type: speechbank
::end-infobox

::infobox
title: Override Fast Travel Quotes Localizations
sub_title: Overridden Fast Travel Quotes
folder_name: fast_travel_quotes
type: fast_travel
::end-infobox
